<table><tbody><tr><td><p style="text-align:right;">ID and Name:</p></td><td colspan="3"><strong>UC-1 Order a Meal</strong></td></tr><tr><td><p style="text-align:right;">Created By:</p></td><td>Prithvi Raj</td><td>Date Created:</td><td>10/4/13</td></tr><tr><td><p style="text-align:right;">Primary Actor:</p></td><td>Patron</td><td>Secondary Actors:</td><td>Cafeteria Inventory System</td></tr><tr><td><p style="text-align:right;">Description:</p></td><td colspan="3">A Patron accesses the Cafeteria Ordering System from the corporate intranet or from home, views the menu for a specific date if desired, selects food items, and places an order for a meal to be delivered to a specified location within a specified 15-minute time window.</td></tr><tr><td><p style="text-align:right;">Trigger:</p></td><td colspan="3">A Patron indicates that he wants to order a meal</td></tr><tr><td><p style="text-align:right;">Preconditions:</p></td><td colspan="3"><p>PRE-1. Patron is logged into COS.</p><p>PRE-2. Patron is registered for meal payments by payroll deduction.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p style="text-align:right;">Postconditions:</p></td><td colspan="3"><p>POST-1. Meal order is stored in COS with a status of “Accepted”.</p><p>POST-2. Inventory of available food items is updated to reflect items in this order.</p><p>POST-3. Remaining delivery capacity for the requested time window is updated.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p style="text-align:right;">Normal Flow:</p></td><td colspan="3"><p><strong>1.0 Order a Single Meal</strong></p><ol><li>Patron asks to view menu for a specific date. (see 1.0.E1, 1.0.E2)</li><li>COS displays menu of available food items and the daily special.</li><li>Patron selects one or more food items from menu. (see 1.1)</li><li>Patron indicates that meal order is complete. (see 1.2)</li><li>COS displays ordered menu items, individual prices, and total price, including taxes and delivery charge.</li><li>Patron either confirms meal order (continue normal flow) or requests to modify meal order (return to step 2).</li><li>COS displays available delivery times for the delivery date.</li><li>Patron selects a delivery time and specifies the delivery location.</li><li>Patron specifies payment method.</li><li>COS confirms acceptance of the order.</li><li>COS sends Patron an email message confirming order details, price, and delivery instructions.</li><li>COS stores order, sends food item information to Cafeteria Inventory System, and updates available delivery times.</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td><p style="text-align:right;">Alternative Flows:</p></td><td colspan="3"><p><strong>1.1 Order multiple identical meals</strong></p><ol><li>Patron requests a specified number of identical meals. (see 1.1.E1)</li><li>Return to step 4 of normal flow.</li></ol><p><strong>1.2 Order multiple meals</strong></p><ol><li>Patron asks to order another meal.</li><li>&nbsp;Return to step 1 of normal flow.</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td><p style="text-align:right;">Exceptions:</p></td><td colspan="3"><p><strong>1.0.E1 Requested date is today and current time is after today’s order cutoff time</strong></p><p>1. COS informs Patron that it’s too late to place an order for today.</p><p>2a. If Patron cancels the meal ordering process, then COS terminates use case.</p><p>2b. Else if Patron requests another date, then COS restarts use case.</p><p><strong>1.0.E2 No delivery times left</strong></p><p>1. COS informs Patron that no delivery times are available for the meal date.</p><p>2a. If Patron cancels the meal ordering process, then COS terminates use case.</p><p>2b. Else if Patron requests to pick the order up at the cafeteria, then continue with normal flow, but skip steps 7 and 8.</p><p><strong>1.1.E1 Insufficient inventory to fulfill multiple meal order</strong></p><p>1. COS informs Patron of the maximum number of identical meals he can order, based on current available inventory.</p><p>2a. If Patron modifies number of meals ordered, then Return to step 4 of normal flow.</p><p>2b. Else if Patron cancels the meal ordering process, then COS terminates use case.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p style="text-align:right;">Priority:</p></td><td colspan="3">High</td></tr><tr><td><p style="text-align:right;">Frequency of Use:</p></td><td colspan="3">Approximately 300 users, average of one usage per day. Peak usage load for this use case is between 9:00 A.M. and 10:00 A.M. local time.</td></tr><tr><td><p style="text-align:right;">Business Rules:</p></td><td colspan="3">BR-1, BR-2, BR-3, BR-4, BR-11, BR-12, BR-33</td></tr><tr><td><p style="text-align:right;">Other Information:</p></td><td colspan="3"><ol><li>Patron shall be able to cancel the meal ordering process at any time prior to confirming it.</li><li>Patron shall be able to view all meals he ordered within the previous six months and repeat one of those meals as the new order, provided that all food items are available on the menu for the requested delivery date. (Priority = M)</li><li>&nbsp;The default date is the current date if the Patron is using the system before today’s order cutoff time. Otherwise, the default date is the next day that the cafeteria is open.</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td><p style="text-align:right;">Assumptions:</p></td><td colspan="3">Assume that 15 percent of Patrons will order the daily special (source: previous 6 months of cafeteria data).</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Guideline

Định danh cho luồng bình thường của use case này là 1.0. Các luồng thay thế được xác định bằng cách tăng số ở bên phải dấu chấm, vì vậy luồng thay thế đầu tiên là 1.1, luồng thứ hai sẽ là 1.2, v.v. Cả luồng bình thường và luồng thay thế đều có thể có các ngoại lệ riêng. Ngoại lệ đầu tiên trên luồng bình thường của use case số 4 sẽ được gắn nhãn 1.0.E1. Ngoại lệ thứ hai cho luồng thay thế đầu tiên của use case này sẽ là 1.1.E2.